Terms of Use (End-User License Agreement) for Tody and related Subscription Products

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and LoopLoop Aps, the creator of the Tody app ("App"). By purchasing a subscription to any of the App's premium features, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not purchase any subscription products.

Subscription Plans and Features
Tody offers auto-renewing subscription plans with a free trial period of 30 days. By subscribing, you gain access to premium features within the App. The subscription plans and their respective features are as follows:
* Standard Subscription: Unlocks all premium features for a single user.
* Premium Sharing Subscription: Unlocks all premium features for the subscriber and allows sharing with other users via DataSync.

Free Trial
Tody offers a 30-day free trial for new subscribers. You must provide a valid payment method to initiate the free trial. You will not be charged until the free trial period ends. You may cancel your subscription at any time during the trial period without incurring any charges.

Auto-Renewal and Cancellation
Your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each billing cycle unless you cancel at least 24 hours prior to the renewal date. You may cancel your subscription at any time by managing your subscriptions in your Apple ID account settings. If you cancel your subscription, you will retain access to the premium features until the end of the current billing cycle.

Payment
Payments for subscriptions will be processed through your Apple ID account. You are responsible for maintaining accurate payment information and ensuring that sufficient funds are available to cover the cost of your subscription.

DataSync and Premium Feature Sharing
The Premium Sharing Subscription allows you to share premium features with other users by inviting them to a DataSync. You are responsible for any actions taken by users with whom you share your premium features. Sharing of premium features is limited to the number of users specified in your subscription plan.

No Warranty
Tody and it's subscription products are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the App remains with you.

Limitation of Liability
In no event shall LoopLoop Aps be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, or lost information) rising out of your use of or inability to use the App, even if LoopLoop Aps has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will LoopLoop Aps be liable for loss of data or for indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other damages based in contract, tort, or otherwise.

Governing Law
This EULA shall be governed by the laws of Denmark, excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute with LoopLoop Aps or relating in any way to your use of the App resides in the courts of Denmark.

By subscribing to any of the App's premium features, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this EULA and agree to be bound by its terms.
